README.md, before:

# Anthony Mathieu
Software engineer based in Grenoble 🇫🇷<br>
Also game developer in my spare time.

[Email](mailto:anthony.mathieu.sae@proton.me) |
[Phone](tel:+33663447975) |
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-mathieu-486515162) |
[GitHub](https://github.com/saexys)

## 💻 Software Engineering Experience

**Firmware Engineer** @ [SiPearl](https://sipearl.com) _(Nov 2023 - May 2024)_ <br>
Semiconductor company building the European high-performance low-power microprocessor dedicated to AI inference and supercomputing.
- Maintained internal tools in Python.
- Designed and implemented unit and functional tests for drivers.
- Integrated driver-related tests in CI.
<br><br>

**Development Engineer - Algorithm** @ [Q-linea](https://qlinea.com) _(Dec 2018 - Jun 2023)_ <br>
Innovative medical device company that aims to vastly reduce the time to optimal therapy.
- Developed and maintained an automated pipeline for in-house data analysis.
- Designed and implemented a support system for the internal data analysis pipeline.
- Co-developed and validated a semi-automated pipeline for summarising clinical study results.
- Co-designed and implemented a database for clinical sensitive data.
- Built and maintained several data analysis computers operating in microbiology lab.
<br><br>

**Junior Developer (Internship)** @ [Keolabs](https://www.keolabs.com) _(Apr 2016 - Oct 2016)_  <br>
Testing tools provider for smart cards and contactless technologies.
- Ported and optimised hardware testing scripts in Python for
[ContactLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/contact-tester) and
[ProxiLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/nfc-contactless-tester).
- Ported, completed and optimised anti-regression test suite in Python for
[ContactLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/contact-tester).
<br><br>

## 🎮 Game Development Experience

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2020)_ <br>
[Bin Saver](https://retardaterre.itch.io/bin-saver) - Team Retard à terre <br>
Educational VR game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Tutored my two developer teammate.
- Developed some game logic including combo-dependent logic.
<br><br>

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2019)_ <br>
[Spin Out](https://charlatent.itch.io/spinout) - Team Char'Latent <br>
Endless runner game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed all game mechanics.
- Developed a simple procedural generation of splines.
<br><br>

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2018)_ <br>
[Vortex Lab](https://arn-hackers.itch.io/vortex-lab) - Team Arn'Hackers <br>
3D platform game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed most game mechanics.
- Developed a simple AI for a follower drone NPC.
<br><br>

**Gameplay Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2017)_ <br>
[Elec'scape](https://saexys.itch.io/elec-scape) - Team S-Kro <br>
3D puzzle game about electronic running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed game mechanics including puzzle completion verification,
    grabbing and throwing objects, snapping of interactive objects to environment.
<br><br>

## 👨🏻‍🏫 Teaching Experience

**Advanced Algorithmic Instructor** @ [SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) _(Oct 2016 - Jun 2017)_ <br>
2nd-year course about algorithm complexity and dynamic programming principles.
- Gave all the lectures for the course.
- Assisted students and corrected practicals.
- Corrected the exams for students from multiple campuses.
<br><br>

**C development Instructor** @ [SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) _(Feb 2017 - Jun 2017)_ <br>
1st-year course on development using C.
- Gave a lecture about basic variable types and pointers.
- Assisted students during practicals.
<br><br>

## 💬 Languages

🇬🇧 **English**: C2 <br>
🇫🇷 **French**: Native <br>
🇸🇪 **Swedish**: B1 <br>

## 🎓 Education

**Master-Level Courses** in Computer Science <br>
[Uppsala Universitet](https://www.uu.se/) - Uppsala, Sweden _(2017-2018)_ <br>
Advanced Software Design, Artificial Intelligence, Natural Computation Methods for Machine Learning

**Bachelor of Science** in Computer science <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2015-2017)_ <br>

**SUPINFO Certified Trainer** <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Consisted of 3 days of training on teaching methods ending with a lecture-like examination.

**SUPINFO Technical Certification** in Advanced Algorithmics <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Extra proficiency test for the 2nd year course on advanced algorithmics.

**SUPINFO Technical Certification** in C Language <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Extra proficiency test for the 1st year course on C development.

**International Bachelor Program** for Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics <br>
[Université Joseph Fourier](https://www.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr) - Grenoble, France _(2014-2015)_ <br>

Commit message:

Add position at Medpace & update current location

README.md, after:

# Anthony Mathieu
Software engineer based in Leuven 🇧🇪<br>
Also game developer in my spare time.

[Email](mailto:anthony.mathieu.sae@proton.me) |
[Phone](tel:+33663447975) |
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-mathieu-486515162) |
[GitHub](https://github.com/saexys)

## 💻 Software Engineering Experience

**Research Engineer** @ [Medpace Core Lab](https://www.medpace.com/core-lab/) _(Aug 2024 - Now)_ <br>
CRO dedicated to accelerate the development of safe and effective medical therapeutics.
- Implemented code linter & formatter in CI.
- Implemented and integrated unit and functional tests in CI.
- Performed and documented software validation tests.
<br><br>

**Firmware Engineer** @ [SiPearl](https://sipearl.com) _(Nov 2023 - May 2024)_ <br>
Semiconductor company building the European high-performance low-power microprocessor dedicated to AI inference and supercomputing.
- Maintained internal tools in Python.
- Designed and implemented unit and functional tests for drivers.
- Integrated driver-related tests in CI.
<br><br>

**Development Engineer - Algorithm** @ [Q-linea](https://qlinea.com) _(Dec 2018 - Jun 2023)_ <br>
Innovative medical device company that aims to vastly reduce the time to optimal therapy.
- Developed and maintained an automated pipeline for in-house data analysis.
- Designed and implemented a support system for the internal data analysis pipeline.
- Co-developed and validated a semi-automated pipeline for summarising clinical study results.
- Co-designed and implemented a database for clinical sensitive data.
- Built and maintained several data analysis computers operating in microbiology lab.
<br><br>

**Junior Developer (Internship)** @ [Keolabs](https://www.keolabs.com) _(Apr 2016 - Oct 2016)_  <br>
Testing tools provider for smart cards and contactless technologies.
- Ported and optimised hardware testing scripts in Python for
[ContactLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/contact-tester) and
[ProxiLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/nfc-contactless-tester).
- Ported, completed and optimised anti-regression test suite in Python for
[ContactLAB](https://www.keolabs.com/products/platforms/contact-tester).
<br><br>

## 🎮 Game Development Experience

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2020)_ <br>
[Bin Saver](https://retardaterre.itch.io/bin-saver) - Team Retard à terre <br>
Educational VR game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Tutored my two developer teammate.
- Developed some game logic including combo-dependent logic.
<br><br>

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2019)_ <br>
[Spin Out](https://charlatent.itch.io/spinout) - Team Char'Latent <br>
Endless runner game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed all game mechanics.
- Developed a simple procedural generation of splines.
<br><br>

**Lead Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2018)_ <br>
[Vortex Lab](https://arn-hackers.itch.io/vortex-lab) - Team Arn'Hackers <br>
3D platform game running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed most game mechanics.
- Developed a simple AI for a follower drone NPC.
<br><br>

**Gameplay Programer** @ [Scientific Game Jam](https://www.scientificgamejam.org/) _(2017)_ <br>
[Elec'scape](https://saexys.itch.io/elec-scape) - Team S-Kro <br>
3D puzzle game about electronic running on Unreal Engine 4.
- Developed game mechanics including puzzle completion verification,
    grabbing and throwing objects, snapping of interactive objects to environment.
<br><br>

## 👨🏻‍🏫 Teaching Experience

**Advanced Algorithmic Instructor** @ [SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) _(Oct 2016 - Jun 2017)_ <br>
2nd-year course about algorithm complexity and dynamic programming principles.
- Gave all the lectures for the course.
- Assisted students and corrected practicals.
- Corrected the exams for students from multiple campuses.
<br><br>

**C development Instructor** @ [SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) _(Feb 2017 - Jun 2017)_ <br>
1st-year course on development using C.
- Gave a lecture about basic variable types and pointers.
- Assisted students during practicals.
<br><br>

## 💬 Languages

🇬🇧 **English**: C2 <br>
🇫🇷 **French**: Native <br>
🇸🇪 **Swedish**: B1 <br>

## 🎓 Education

**Master-Level Courses** in Computer Science <br>
[Uppsala Universitet](https://www.uu.se/) - Uppsala, Sweden _(2017-2018)_ <br>
Advanced Software Design, Artificial Intelligence, Natural Computation Methods for Machine Learning

**Bachelor of Science** in Computer science <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2015-2017)_ <br>

**SUPINFO Certified Trainer** <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Consisted of 3 days of training on teaching methods ending with a lecture-like examination.

**SUPINFO Technical Certification** in Advanced Algorithmics <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Extra proficiency test for the 2nd year course on advanced algorithmics.

**SUPINFO Technical Certification** in C Language <br>
[SUPINFO](https://www.supinfo.com) - Grenoble, France _(2016)_ <br>
Extra proficiency test for the 1st year course on C development.

**International Bachelor Program** for Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics <br>
[Université Joseph Fourier](https://www.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr) - Grenoble, France _(2014-2015)_ <br>
